Update README (#14)
wagtail/areweheadlessyet: README.md

# Are we headless yet?

> This is the source code to [AreWeHeadlessYet's website](https://areweheadlessyet.wagtail.org) frontend built upon [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/).

Reviewer: Just changing the wording a bit for the SEO value ("wagtail headless" as link text).

```suggestion
This is the source code to [Wagtail’s Are we headless yet? website](https://areweheadlessyet.wagtail.org) frontend built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/).
```

The backend is available on the [Wagtail's website source code](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail.org/tree/main/wagtailio/areweheadlessyet).

## Getting Started

First, you need to run the backend where the data is pulled from. See [wagtail.org's README](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail.org) to setup a local server.

> This build assumes the server will be accessible at the following url: `http://0.0.0.0:8000/`. Update the `.env.development` file to costumize this behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This build assumes the server will be accessible at the following url: `http://0.0.0.0:8000/`. Update the `.env.development` file to customize this behavior.
```
